[Tutorial] Add GitHub login option to your application with OAuth and Pages Functions (#4108)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/tutorials/github-Oauth-app-with-pages-functions/index.md

> ---

Reviewer: Leaving some tutorial-wide feedback here so that it isn't missed

1. run every code sample here (particularly the JS ones) using prettier
2. code samples in general could benefit greatly from metadata that shows `filename`, or a `header` clarifying what the code does, as well as `lines` to indicate changed code in successive code blocks that iterate on a concept. see [example elsewhere in pages docs](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/blob/production/content/pages/tutorials/build-a-blog-using-nuxt-and-sanity/index.md#rendering-content-for-a-blog-post)
3. there are a number of must-fix things that are hard blockers on this merging - see "Must-fix/blockers" called out in review comments. happy to set up time w/ you to chat about them if you're confused

{{</Aside>}}

This tutorial will make heavy use of Cloudflare Pages [Workers integration, Pages Functions](/pages/platform/functions/) and GitHub Authorization credentials. Refer to the [Get started guide](/pages/get-started/) guide to familiarize yourself with the platform.

## Overview

In most applications we use, there is usually an option to log in or sign up with a 3rd party application like Google, Twitter or GitHub. 

When you select any of these options, you authorise the application to query information that it would need to sign you up or log you into the app. 

These options would usually be links that send an authorization code to a server, and the server then takes that code and exchanges it for a token. The token is used to get user login information. In this tutorial, you will use the token to get the user from the  `RESOURCE_ENDPOINT`. 

To ensure the user information is secure, you will sign the user information as a payload with a secret in a JSON Web Token format (JWT) and then set this `JWT` to the localStorage to check  who is logged in at a particular time.

> To take it a step further, you will check that `JWT` is available before allowing the application to fetch repos by first getting the `JWT` from the localStorage and verifying it to make sure your secret signed it.

Reviewer: This speaks to the overall purpose of this tutorial and what you'll ultimately build. I would clean up this section to summarize the overall flow of the tutorial:

```suggestion
In this tutorial, you'll build an authorization flow to allow users to sign in with GitHub to your application. Once they've signed in, you'll use Pages Functions and Workers KV to store the user's information and make an authorized GitHub API request on their behalf, to show a list of their repositories in a web page.
```

Copy and paste the following content into your `client/index.html` file; this file contains : 

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">
  <title>Document</title>
</head>
<body>
  <section>
    <a class="btn">Authorize with GitHub</a>
    <button class="btn">Fetch repos</button>
  </section>
  <script src="./index.js" type="module" ></script>
</body>
</html>
```

The HTML document contains a script that links it to the `index.js`, where the client-side JavaScript for getting Authorization and handling the code coming from your OAuth app will live. 

Before setting up your Client site functions, you will need to create a `config.js` file at the root of your project to handle all your GitHub app credentials. Then, you will export these credentials to access them anywhere in your application. 

```js
export default {
  CLIENT_ID: "********",
  CLIENT_SECRET: "***********",

>   REDIRECT_URL: "http://localhost:8788/",

Reviewer: **Blocker/must-fix**

This localhost URL is hardcoded a few times in the tutorial. This will fail in production once it's deployed, right? 

I don't see any mention of wrangler/miniflare in the tutorial so I assume that while you were writing this, you were testing locally (which is fine!). I'd update the tutorial to either 

1) Use wrangler/miniflare for local development and show people _how_ localhost can be used while building
2) Remove localhost usage altogether, and tell developers that this URL will ultimately be your Pages production URL, and use a placeholder that you resolve at the end of the tutorial with a final URL (perhaps using your production URL that you made while writing this tutorial)

  AUTHORIZATION_ENDPOINT: "https://github.com/login/oauth/authorize",
  TOKEN_ENDPOINT: "https://github.com/login/oauth/access_token",
  RESOURCE_ENDPOINT: "https://api.github.com/",
};
```

{{<Aside type="note" header="Note">}}

Your REDIRECT_URL should be the same URL you used as your callback URL while setting up your application.

{{</Aside>}}

## Get Authorization from OAuth App.

In your `index.js` file, import the `config.js` file and set up your authorization logic. First, you will need to access your OAuth app through the `AUTHORIZATION_ENDPOINT` then your app will respond with a code that you will then send to the server. 

```js 
import config from "../config";
import qs from "query-string";

> function  getAppauthorization() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function getAppAuthorization() {
```

use consistent casing in function names

  const oAuthQueryParams = {
    response_type: "code",
    scope: "user public_repo",
    redirect_url: config.REDIRECT_URL,
    client_id: config.CLIENT_ID,
    state: "random_state_string",
  };

  const query = qs.stringify(oAuthQueryParams);
  const url = `${config.AUTHORIZATION_ENDPOINT}?${query}`;
  const loginLink = document.querySelector("a");
  loginLink.setAttribute("href", url);
}

window.onload = function () {
    getAppauthorization();   
};

```

> From the code block above, you will notice we called an onload method to the window, and we do this so the functions will be fired when the whole page has loaded, including all dependent resources such as stylesheets and images. 

Reviewer: Remove this para when related `onload` code

Notice the response type is a code; you will need to send this code to the server to be able to get the access token. We need to get the response code from the URL to do this. In the same file create a `handleCode` function and update the `window.onload` function

```js
function handleCode(){
  const parsedQuery = qs.parseUrl(window.location.href)

  if(parsedQuery.query.code){
    sendCodeToServer()
  }else{
    throw new Error("No code found in url")
  }

  async function sendCodeToServer(){

>     const server = "http://localhost:8788/api/code"

Reviewer: Hard-coded use of localhost worries me here, this should be a production URL, right? We also could parameterize this as something in `config.js` like `SERVER_URL`

    try {
      const res = await fetch(server,{
        method: "POST",
        body: JSON.stringify({
          code: parsedQuery.query.code,
          state: parsedQuery.query.state
        }),
        headers:{'Content-Type' :'application/json' }
      })
      
      const data = await res.json() 
      window.location.href = config.REDIRECT_URL;
      
    } catch (error) {
      console.log(error)
    }
  }
}
```
In the code block above, you will notice that we send the code to `http://localhost:8788/api/code`. This is where our serverless code will be. 

> 

Reviewer: Before moving into the Functions section, I would show the completed code for the client-side JavaScript here as a single code block

## Setting up Server with Functions

Cloudflare Pages offers [Functions](/pages/platform/functions/) which enable you to run server-side code to enable dynamic functionality without running a dedicated server. You can handle tasks like Authentication, querying databases or other applications.

In this tutorial, we will be using Functions to handle exchanging our code for an Access Token, signing JWTs, authenticating users, and querying GitHub for resources using the authenticated user's details.

The code from your OAuth App is sent to `/api/code`; you must create a `functions/api/code.js` file at the root of your project. Your file structure should look like this now:

> "`txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`txt
```

this should fix the code block rendering here in GitHub. as a heads-up, I would always check the GitHub preview of your doc once you've submitted the PR to make sure it renders like you would expect

├── ...
├── functions
|   └── api
|         └── Code.js
├── Client
|   └── index.html
|   └── index.js
├── config.js
└── ...
``` 

> The `handleCode` function will send `POST` requests, which means that the `functions/api/code.js` file needs to export an `OnRequestPost` handler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `handleCode` function will send `POST` requests, which means that the `functions/api/code.js` file needs to export an `onRequestPost` handler:
```

> "`js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`js
```

this should fix the JavaScript rendering here in GitHub. as a heads-up, I would always check the GitHub preview of your doc once you've submitted the PR to make sure it renders like you would expect

---
filename: functions/api/code.js
---
/**

>  * Post /api/code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * POST /api/code
```

 */

export async function onRequestPost(context) {

>   /** TODO:

Reviewer: love this!

   * 1. Exchange code for access token 

>    * 2. Use acess token to fetch user info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * 2. Use access token to fetch user info
```

   * 3. encode user info as JWT
   */
}
```

> The `context` parameter is an object filled with several values of potential interest. For this example, you only need the [`Request`](/workers/runtime-apis/request/) object and the [`env`](/pages/platform/functions/#writing-your-first-function), which can be accessed through the `context.request` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `context` parameter is an object filled with several values of potential interest. For this example, you only need the [`request`](/workers/runtime-apis/request/) and [`env`](/pages/platform/functions/#writing-your-first-function), objects:
```

> As mentioned, the code is sent to `/api/code.js`. You can access it from within the request object and use a `JSON()` to request a Readable stream. You then want to pass the code to a function to exchange the code for an Access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your client-side JavaScript code, you made a POST request to `/api/code`, sending the GitHub authorization code. In this file, you will set up the corresponding function, using `onRequestPost`. 

In that function, you can access the authorization code by parsing the request body as JSON. You can then pass the code to a function, to exchange it for a GitHub access token:
```

```js
export async function onRequestPost({ request, env }) {
  try {
    const body = await request.json();
    const token = await exchangeCodeForToken(body.code);
  } catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ error }));
  }
}
```

> ### Exchange Code for Access token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Exchange Code for Access token. 
```

Exchange what code for access token to what? Tense is weird here too, I would say "Exchanging" instead of "Exchange" but maybe @deadlypants1973 can correct me if that's not how we do it

In the same `code.js` file, you will create an async function called `exchangeCodeForToken` that will take the code as an argument. You will need to use the config file parameters to query the `TOKEN_ENDPOINT` and send the other parameters as the body. The response to this will be an Object, and you can get the access token by getting the value of `access_token`. As seen in the code block below: 

```js
async function exchangeCodeForToken(code) {
  const TokenURL = config.TOKEN_ENDPOINT;
  const oAuthQueryParams = {
    grant_type: "authorization_code",
    redirect_url: config.REDIRECT_URL,
    client_id: config.CLIENT_ID,

>     client_secret: config.CLIENT_SECRET,

Reviewer: Just to follow up on my comment earlier, since this is the only time you use `CLIENT_SECRET` in the codebase, we need to clean up the config file so that it isn't exposed on the client-side. We can safely use it here but should not reveal it to our users in the client.

    code: code,
  };

>   const res = await fetch(TokenURL, {

Reviewer: Since we seem to only use `TokenURL` once, I'd prefer dropping that variable and just using `config.TOKEN_ENDPOINT` directly

Author: Since I split the config exports into two, I have a longer variable name and I think it might be a lot more readable to have a variable for the `TokenURL`.  I also use a variable for `oAuthQueryParams` below.

    body: JSON.stringify(oAuthQueryParams),
    method: "POST",
    headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
  });

  const data = await res.text();

>   const parsedData = qs.parse(data);

Reviewer: I don't think `qs` has been imported in this file before now

>   console.log(parsedData.access_token);

Reviewer: remove `console.log` unless we are testing/verifying using local dev

  return parsedData.access_token;
}
```

### Use the Access token to fetch user information.

Now that you have the access token, you can use it to query user information. As mentioned, your config file will be your access point to GitHub. Create a `fetchUser` function, and this will take the access token as an argument.

> In the fetchUser function, you will need to construct a user URL using your `RESOURCE_ENDPOINT` and a user parameter like `config.RESOURCE_ENDPOINT + "user";`. The authorization object value will be your Access token. The `onRequestPOST` function will need to be updated to await your `fetchUser` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the fetchUser function, you will need to construct a user URL using your `RESOURCE_ENDPOINT` and a user parameter like `config.RESOURCE_ENDPOINT + "user";`. The authorization object value will be your Access token. The `onRequestPost` function will need to be updated to await your `fetchUser` function.
```

need to be very careful how you refer to that function, the casing has been inconsistent throughout the tutorial. unlike many function/variable names, `onRequestPost` can only be written in one way and the inconsistency even outside of sample code can be very harmful to DX

> "`js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`js
```

export async function onRequestPost({ request, env }) {
  try {
    const body = await request.json();
    const token = await exchangeCodeForToken(body.code);

>     const user = await fetchUser(token); // New Line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const user = await fetchUser(token);
```

???

  } catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ error }));
  }
}

async function exchangeCodeForToken(code) {
  const TokenURL = config.TOKEN_ENDPOINT;
  const oAuthQueryParams = {
    grant_type: "authorization_code",
    redirect_url: config.REDIRECT_URL,
    client_id: config.CLIENT_ID,
    client_secret: config.CLIENT_SECRET,
    code: code,
  };

  const res = await fetch(TokenURL, {
    body: JSON.stringify(oAuthQueryParams),
    method: "POST",
    headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
  });

  const data = await res.text();
  const parsedData = qs.parse(data);
  console.log(parsedData.access_token);
  return parsedData.access_token;
}

async function fetchUser(token) {
  const userURL = config.RESOURCE_ENDPOINT + "user";
  const res = await fetch(userURL, {
    headers: {
      Authorization: `token ${token}`,

>       "User-Agent": "Mozilla/5.0", // Add user agent for GitHub API when using workers

Reviewer: IIRC this is required, but I would explain to readers why you need to do this in a longer comment above this line. also, i would recommend setting a unique `User-Agent` instead of using Mozilla's

Reviewer: Also, "when using workers" -- we're writing a function in Pages, right? If a user is going through this and sees "workers" they are going to be confused

    },
  });

  const data = await res.json();

>   console.log(data);

Reviewer: remove

  return data;
}
```

### Encode User information with a JSON Web Token JWT.

> The User information is sensitive and will be used on the client-side. To ensure that this information is secure and isn't manipulated by a 3rd party, we will use JSON Web Token (JWT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user's information is sensitive and will be used on the client-side. To ensure that this information is secure and isn't manipulated by a 3rd party, we will use JSON Web Tokens (JWTs).
```

> A [Json web tokens](https://jwt.io/introduction) is a proposed Internet standard for creating data with optional signature and optional encryption whose payload holds JSON that asserts some number of claims to resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [JSON Web Token](https://jwt.io/introduction) is a proposed Internet standard for creating data with an optional signature, and optional encryption, whose payload holds JSON that asserts some number of claims to resources.
```

We will use [Cloudflare Worker JWT](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tsndr/cloudflare-worker-jwt), a lightweight NPM package for JWT implementation to encode and decode our JWT. 

JWTs are usually created by signing a Payload with a secret. The payload will be the user information, and you will assign the secret key. In this case, we will define a secret key.

```

> const myVerySecretString = "*********"

Reviewer: I don't think we have actual secrets in Pages deployments (cc @nevikashah, am I wrong on that?) but I would prefer this to be a environment variable at least, instead of hardcoding this as plaintext into the code.

Author: We don’t have secrets in Pages deployment yet, but yes this should be in a `.env`. I'll update this and add steps to add this environment variable in the Pages environment when deploying.

```

> Your secret key can be any set of strings. In the `code.js` file, import the package and use the `.sign` method to sign the jwtPayload and your secret string.

Reviewer: Copying my comment from previous review in regards to `@tsndr/cloudflare-worker-jwt`

Generally, when a new package is introduced into the project, you should take a paragraph to explain _what_ we're installing, _why_ we're installing it, and _how_ to install it (`npm install <package>`)

```js
import jwt from "@tsndr/cloudflare-worker-jwt";
import config from "../config";
import qs from "query-string";

export async function onRequestPost({ request, env }) {
  try {
    const body = await request.json();
    console.log(body) 
    const token = await exchangeCodeForToken(body.code);
    const user = await fetchUser(token);
    const jwtencoded = await encodeJWT(user, myVerySecretString);
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ jwtencoded }),
    {
      headers: {
        "Content-Type": "application/json",
      }
    });
  } catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ error }));
  }
}

> ....

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ....
```

async function encodeJWT(user, token) {
  const jwtPayload = {
    login: user.login,
    id: user.id,
    avatar_url: user.avatar_url,
  };
  
  return jwt.sign(jwtPayload, token);
}

```

> ## Cache User infomation in KV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cache user information in Workers KV
```

> [Workers Kv](/workers/runtime-apis/kv/) is a global low-latency, key-value data store. It can be used to cache information that has been received from a server, and in this case, you will use it to cache user information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Workers KV](/workers/runtime-apis/kv/) is a global low-latency, key-value data store. It can be used to cache information that has been received from a server, and in this case, you will use it to cache user information. 
```

> You will use the `env` argument to access your kv store, KV takes the first value as a string, and then the next value can be JSON. We want to use the user ID as the key and stringify the user information and access token as the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will use the `env` argument to access your Workers KV store. Workers KV takes the first value as a string, and then the next value can be JSON. We want to use the user ID as the key and stringify the user information and access token as the value.
```

Reviewer: > Workers KV takes the first value as a string, and then the next value can be JSON

What is "the first value" and "the next value"? I believe this is in reference to the `.put` method, so I would rephrase that in terms of the method taking a "key" and "value".

> We want to use the user ID as the key and stringify the user information and access token as the value.

The next sentence _kinda_ clarifies this, but it is unclear that the connection is between "the first value" and "the next value" -> "key" and "value"

> Since the user information is cached, we will not need to make any network request for the user info if we want to fetch for repos, as you will see in the next section.

Reviewer: Clarify more: the user information is cached _where_? Now that it's cached, we won't make a network request to _where_?

> Since the user information is cached, we will not need to make any network request for the user info if we want to fetch for repos, as you will see in the next section.

Reviewer: > if we want to fetch for repos, as you will see in the next section

I would find this jarring as a reader, because we've been very in-depth in the auth code/access token exchange until now. It's likely that the user needs a reminder that the purpose for all of this is to retrieve a list of repos (CTRL-F for "This speaks to the overall purpose of this tutorial" as earlier review comment) 

```suggestion
Since the user information is cached, we will not need to make any network request for the user info.
```

Clean up the first sentence as per my first review comment, and then add a new sentence that restates why we've been doing this:

```
With our user information cached in Workers KV, we can use it to an authorized request to GitHub for a list of the user's repositories
```

```js
export async function onRequestPost({ request, env }) {
  try {
    const body = await request.json();

>     console.log(body) // use request.json  to make request body a readable stream

Reviewer: remove console.logs in this function

    const token = await exchangeCodeForToken(body.code);
    const user = await fetchUser(token);
    const jwtencoded = await encodeJWT(user, myVerySecretString);

    await env.kv_userDatabase.put(
      `${user.id}`,
      JSON.stringify({ user, token })

>     ) // New Line 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    )
```

    console.log(jwtencoded);
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ jwtencoded }),
    {
      headers: {
        "Content-Type": "application/json",
      }
    });
  } catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ error }));
  }
}
```

> ## Use JWT for Client login validation and fetching User Repos. 

Reviewer: remove period, fix inconsistent casing (Client, User Repos)

While you can use JWTs for validating users, you can also use them to know when a user is logged in or not and then give them access to other parts of your application based on this JWT. 

In your application, you can do this by setting the JWT to localStorage. In the `client/index.js` file, you will update your `handleCode` function to set the encoded JWT from the server to a JWT value: 

> "`js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

---
filename: client/index.js
---

function handleCode(){
  const parsedQuery = qs.parseUrl(window.location.href)

  if(parsedQuery.query.code){
    sendCodeToServer()
  }else{
    throw new Error("No code found in url")
  }

  async function sendCodeToServer(){

>     const server = "http://localhost:8788/api/code"

Reviewer: Hardcoded localhost URL

    try {
      const res = await fetch(server,{
        method: "POST",
        body: JSON.stringify({
          code: parsedQuery.query.code,
          state: parsedQuery.query.state
        }),
        headers:{'Content-Type' :'application/json' }
      })
      
      const data = await res.json() 

>       console.log("hellloo ", data)

Reviewer: remove

>       localStorage.setItem("jwt", data.jwtencoded); // New line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      localStorage.setItem("jwt", data.jwtencoded);
```

      window.location.href = config.REDIRECT_URL;
      
    } catch (error) {
      console.log(error)
    }
  }
}
```

### Allowing access to routes based on JWT

> Since we authenticate using a JWT, we can create some restrictions based on the presence of this JWT. For example, in the `client/index.html` file, we have a fetch repos button, and we can make this button inaccessible if the JWT isn't present. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we authenticate using a JWT, we can create some restrictions based on the presence of this JWT. For example, in the `client/index.html` file, we have a "Fetch repos" button, and we can make this button inaccessible if the JWT isn't present. 
```

> If a user hasn't authorized the application and has a JWT, they will not be allowed to fetch repos. 

Reviewer: duplicate of last paragraph, remove

> To do this, create a `ProtectedTask` function and within this function, use the `querySelector` method to get the button and set the display to none. Then check that the JWT is present in the localStorage. If it is, change the display to block and add an `EventListener` to fetch repos with a `fetchRepos` function onClick.

Reviewer: generally, I prefer a verbal explanation of what we're about to do in a code block, and then the code shows you how to actually do it. 

In this case, the explanation here is actually more confusing than showing the code: the function is called `protectedRequest` but referred to here as `ProtectedTask`, the reference to "set the display" and "change the display" can be confusing when the actual code is `style.display`. 

Finally, there is a non-code (no backticks) reference to `onClick`, but we use `addEventListener("click", ...`, so if the reader looks for `onClick` in the code, they may not understand the connection.

I would rewrite this paragraph to say:

```
To do this, we'll create a new function that will conditionally show the "Fetch repos" button based on the presence of a `jwt` key in `localStorage`. If the `jwt` is found, we'll add a new event listener that calls the `fetchRepos` function when the button is clicked:

```js
function protectedRequest(){
  const requestButton = document.querySelector("button");

  requestButton.style.display = "none";

  if (localStorage.getItem("jwt")) {
    requestButton.style.display = "block";
    requestButton.addEventListener("click", function () {
      fetchRepos();
    });
  }
}
```

> The `fetchRepos` function makes a request to the server and sends the JWT in local storage to `api/code`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make a new `fetchRepos` function, which makes a request to the `/api/repos` endpoint, using `jwt` as part of the `Authorization` header:
```

you reference `api/code` here (should be `/api/code`, with leading slash), but use `/api/repos` in the `server` variable. make sure to double-check these URLs when writing, especially if you change the URLs during the process

```js
async function fetchRepos() {
  const server = "http://localhost:8788/api/repos";
  try {
    const res = await fetch(server, {
      headers: { Authorization: `Bearer ${localStorage.getItem("jwt")}` },
    });

    const data = await res.json();

> 

Reviewer: we will do something with this data later, leave a comment to show that this function is not finished until we implement the server-side code

  } catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
  }
}
```

### Fetch and list Repos 

> You now have your user information and can now use that to get repos. Since you are making a `GET` request, you will need to send this request to another server route. The `fetchRepos` function will make a `GET` request to `http://localhost:8788/api/repos`, a function route that fetches the repos. 

Reviewer: usage of localhost is confusing - should be `/api/repos`

> Create a `functions/api/repos. js' file, and your files should look like this now

Reviewer: No need to restate file/folder structure here

> "`txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```txt
```

almost every code sample in this tut uses this format - which does not render correctly in GitHub's preview or in preview deployment (see pic below)

<img width="772" alt="Screen Shot 2022-04-15 at 11 48 42 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/922353/163598016-94d4bb62-82fb-4f6c-8b65-7d436a8a0297.png">

recommend checking staging deployment _and_ github's preview to ensure that you've formatted correctly

├── ...
├── functions
|   └── api
|         └── code.js
|         └── repos.js
├── client
|   └── index.html
|   └── index.js
├── config.js
└── ...
``` 

> In the `repos.js` file export an async `onRequestGet` function to match the `GET` request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `/api/repos.js` file, export an async `onRequestGet` function to match the `GET` request. 
```

```js
export async function onRequestGet({ request, env }) {
   /** TODO:
   * 1. Get JWT from Localstorage
   * 2. Verify  and decode JWT
   * 3.fetch repos
   */
}
```

First, you will get the JWT from the client, verify and decode it. You will then be allowed to fetch repos. 

The request header contains the JWT, and then you will verify it with the `.verify` method, which takes the JWT token and your secret string as an argument.

If the JWT isn't valid, you can return a `401` status code. If it is, use the `.decode` method to decode it, then use the ID from the payload as a key to fetch from KV. You can then pass the user token to a `showRepo` function that fetches the repos.

```js
import jwt from "@tsndr/cloudflare-worker-jwt";

> import { myVerySecretString } from "./code";

Reviewer: highly recommend moving this to an environment variable and pulling it directly out of Pages' attached bindings to this deployment

import config from "../config";

export async function onRequestGet({ request, env }) {
  try {
    const token = request.headers.get("Authorization").split(" ")[1];

    // verify JWT
    const verifiedJWT = await jwt.verify(token, myVerySecretString)
    if (!verifiedJWT) {
      return new Response("Not valid JWT", {status: 401})
    }
    
    const decodedJwt = jwt.decode(token)

    const user = await env.kv_userDatabase.get(`${decodedJwt.id}`, "json")

    if (!user) {
      return new Response("User not found", {status: 404})
    }

    const repos = await showRepos(user.token);
    return new Response(JSON.stringify(repos));

>     // res.json(repos); // Send repos to client

Reviewer: this looks like express code, but i'm unsure why it's here

Author: I built it out in out in express at first and then I refactored to Functions

  } catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ error }));
  }
}

```

As mentioned, the `showRepos` function takes the user token as an argument, and then you will construct a URL with the `RESOURCE_ENDPOINT` and user repo query string. The response will return a list of repos as a JSON object.

```js
async function showRepos(token) {
   const url = `${config.RESOURCE_ENDPOINT}user/repos?sort=created&direction=asc`;
   const res = await fetch(url, {
     headers: {
       Authorization: `Bearer ${token}`,
       "user-agent": "Pages Functions"
     },
   });

   const data = await res.json();
   return data;
 }

```

### Show list of repos 

The list of repos is now a JSON Object that can be used in the response in the client. By iterating over the response from the server, you will create an element using the `createElement` method and setting the HTML of the element created to the value of the response.

```js

> async function fetchRepos() {

Reviewer: it's unclear here that we're back in the client side JavaScript code. `showRepos` is our API/server function, and `fetchRepos` (very similarly named) is our client-side code. I would recommend adding a comment to each file (or using our header syntax to show the filename) in a code block to help reader's understand what they're looking at

  const server = "http://localhost:8788/api/repos";
  try {
    const res = await fetch(server, {
      headers: { Authorization: `Bearer ${localStorage.getItem("jwt")}` },
    });

    const data = await res.json();

    for( var i of data){
      const repo = document.createElement("div")
      repo.innerHTML = i.name
      document.body.appendChild(repo)

>     } //New line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    }
```

  } catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: **Blocker/must-fix**

I would expect there to be some portion of the guide here that actually shows users how to deploy the application

right now, the tutorial sets up a bunch of localhost routes and API requests, and if a user tried to deploy this, it would fail in production

add a new section that shows creating the project in pages, how to deploy the function, and get people excited about actually being able to share this project they built with other people. they have a prod URL they can share in their portfolios or with their friends!

In this tutorial, you built and deployed an OAuth app and its back-end logic using Cloudflare Pages with its Workers integration. You created serverless routes that handled Authentication, fetched user information, encoded user information as JWTs and used KV to cache the user information from GitHub.

## Related resources

> - [Functions](/pages/platform/functions/)

Reviewer: imagine that the reader is now hyped that they built a real-world example of auth with Cloudflare Pages + Functions: where would they go next? are there other tutorials or use-cases they should check out to continue their journey with the platform?
